Update DOCS.md (#3200)
home-assistant/addons: vlc/DOCS.md

## Configuration

> Note that automatic discovery is expected when the add-on is being installed, and if that is not the case the user should make sure to remove the Telnet integration and reinstall the add-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that automatic discovery is expected when the add-on is being installed. If no "VLC media player via Telnet" integration is being discovered, make sure to remove any stale "VLC media player via Telnet" integrations and reinstall the add-on to trigger discovery again.
```
